# March 31st, 2021

##  Points to discuss
- ATE vs HTE interpretations
	- BLP
	- TC
	- role of permutation and SHC
		- SHC not promiscuous anymore
- story flow:
	- exceptional responder, response rate etc.
	- a subset of patients who would benefit from the drug -> no unnecessary exposure to serious side effects of drugs (chemo tx especially)
	- based on existing drug record & corrected for treatment propensity, an approx. of casual effect, but we do not assume no bias or no confounders
	- drugs with treatment effect, drugs without treatment effect (emphasis the side effects!), drugs with **heterogeneous** treatment effect
		- same drug different effect in different cancer?
		- commonly important covariate pan-cancer
	- what contributes to these effects? varimp (top 1%), XGboost -> genes and pathways enriched in these covariates?
		- still testing the 1% hypothesis
		- network? KEGG pathways? do they fit in with our understanding of drug mechanism?
	- who would benefit or who should take these drugs -> clinical indicator summary


---

## Meeting notes
- perm and SHC not suitable for n > p , will take time to develop / improve
- ding et al method needs simulation
- writing
	- you need to** reproduce without reading the code**
	- original method -> applied to data -> how data is presented, where you got your dataset, how were they prosessed?
	- more details on our own methods, brief overview on other ppl's methods (e.g. GRF)
	- be precise, we could edit later
- https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.3982/ECTA15732?af=R
- https://imai.fas.harvard.edu/research/files/indtreat.pdf
- upload your notes to lab github
- prediction of survival with just a couple of gene not enough, becauase they could be heterogeneity
- basic science point of view: effect of one gene may not be sufficient